=head1 NAME

B<flruler> - a simple onscreen pixel measuring ruler for debugging GUIs

=head1 SYNOPSIS

flruler [no options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<flruler> displays a ruler on your desktop that you can drag around
to measure elements in GUIs.  Intended for GUI development/debugging
to verify widget separations and sizes, though may also be used for
general computer graphics, including measuring pixel distances of images,
widgets in web applications, etc.

To move flruler, just click and drag it to where you want it.
Press B<ESC> to exit. You can make copies of the ruler by Middle-Clicking
or hitting B<C>. You can rotate the ruler(s) using the Up/Down/Left/Right
arrow keys.

=head1 OPTIONS

There are currently no command line options.

=head1 KEYBOARD OPERATIONS

    'c'                   Make a copy of the current ruler (in focus)
    'esc'                 Closes current ruler (in focus)
    'q'                   Quit all rulers
    Up,Down,Left,Right    Re-orients ruler (arrow points to where zero will be)
    +                     Increase size of ruler by 10%
    -                     Decrease size of ruler by 10%

=head1 MOUSE OPERATIONS

    Left-Drag             Drags current ruler around for positioning
    Left-Double-click     Reverses direction of current ruler's numbers
    Left-Triple-click     Rotates current ruler 90 degrees
    Middle-Click          Makes copy of current ruler

=head1 AUTHOR

flruler Version 1.05
Written by Greg Ercolano.

The latest version of B<flruler> can be downloaded from http://seriss.com/people/erco/fltk/flruler/
To build B<flruler> from source, you need FLTK, the multi-platform GPL graphics toolkit
(which supports Windows, Linux, OSX, IRIX..) from http://www.fltk.org/

=head1 BUGS

To report bugs, send email to erco@seriss.com, and include "flruler bug report"
in the Subject: of the message, or it will be ignored.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2012, 2006 Greg Ercolano.

This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is
NO  warranty;  not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. For more information, see the LICENSE file that came with
the source.
